# What the heck is this?

This is a complete extract of the game Fate/EXTELLA LINK by Type-Moon, available for potential modders to explore without having to put nearly twenty whole gigabytes of random files somewhere on their computer.

Everything you see here is property of Type-Moon, and is being kept here for purely archival purposes. This is also not a functioning copy of the game - not only would that be impossible for me to upload to GitHub, but I would also refuse to do so. Go buy the game and support the developers, they should learn that people don't just play Grand Order.

# So what stuff does this have?

Everything* the game loads as a resource that isn't bundled within the main game executable. A lot of the stuff is proprietary and hasn't been figured out, and probably never will be figured out, but there are a few things that are either already reverse-engineered or are being reverse-engineered right now:

- All the models (.mdl) can be opened with a Python plugin for Noesis - they're just modified versions of models used in Nier.
    - In case you were wondering, said plugin as well as a means of creating this extract yourself can be found here: https://github.com/kotcrab/fate-explorer/releases
- All the model textures (.mds) are just renamed .dds files. If you can't open them in Photoshop or GIMP because they're too old, Noesis will also be able to open them.
- Almost all of the files that aren't encrypted bin files or proprietary formats are renamed .json or .xml files and can be opened with ease in Notepad++. CBA to remember ALL of them, but some good examples are the things that control enemy AI, damage, and experience values.
- A lot of the bin files are just tables, with the top row starting with "TTBIN" and some null values before repeating the order of strings and null values. Most of the entries in said tables are some number of values long and then are separated by a null value, e.g. the .bin file that manages DLC data has entries that are seven bytes long and then rounded out by an eighth null byte.
- Don't open the .luac files that control stages, they look like they were autogenerated by an external program.


*when i say everything here i mean only the stuff that is actually useful, i made a horrible mistake uploading the camera files jesus there's 490 of them i cant do this

# Can I use any of this?

Well, I kind of misled you earlier. This still isn't a working copy of the game, and you'll still need to buy a copy of the game like a normal person to play it, but if you have a copy of the game you can do something interesting.

Go to the game's install folder, navigate to \resource\common\, and open boot_config.ini. Take a look at PackFileFirst. See how it's set to true? If you set it to false and save the program, then the game will load uncompressed things in the archive folder (\resource\target\win\pack\mount\retail\) over things in the compressed package files if it detects them. For example, if I created the directory \archive\resource\target\win\model\ within the aforementioned archive folder, took a model of Shaggy from Scooby-Doo, used Noesis to export it to Link's .mdl format, renamed it "ch002_m01_00.mdl" (default Tamamo-no-Mae model), and then put it within the \model\ folder I just created, the next time I boot up the game and choose to play with Tamamo-no-Mae I'll be greeted by Shaggy instead.

Hakuno Kishinami, master of Shaggy. This is truly what every aspiring moder dreams of.

Aside from that overriding feature, no, this is useless. Pirates can fuck off.

# Anything else to say?

Well, credit has to go where credit is due.

Everything here is, once again, originally created by Type-Moon.

The fate-tools/fate-explorer suite was developed by Paweł Pastuzak (he goes by kotcrab on here).

Most of the .bin file reverse-engineering was done by my buddy Zdann (he goes by lolnoobwut1 on here for some reason).

That's kind of it.





